doc: update Overview with DX recommendations (#6683)
projectacrn/acrn-hypervisor: doc/getting-started/overview_dev.rst

Configuration and Development Overview
######################################

> This overview is for developers who are new or relatively new to ACRN and are

Reviewer: How about deleting "or relatively new"...

> responsible for configuring and building ACRN hypervisors. It will introduce you

Reviewer: Technically, we're configuring and building the hypervisor and the VMs for the application.

to the general development process, including ACRN components and tools.

The overview covers the process at an abstract and universal level.

* Abstract: the overall structure rather than detailed instructions
* Universal: applicable to most use cases

> The overview is intended to complement the :ref:`gsg`. The guide provides

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This overview complements the :ref:`gsg`. The guide provides
```

step-by-step instructions to enable an ACRN example for first-time use, while
the overview provides background information and serves as a gateway to
additional features and resources that can help you develop your solution.

> The overview doesn't cover ACRN benefits, use cases, or architecture. See

Reviewer: How about a positive statement instead (drop the first sentence, "The overview doesn't..."):
```
See :ref:`introduction` for information about ACRN benefits, use cases, and architecture.
```

have a serial output, :ref:`here are some tips for connecting a serial output
<connect_serial_port>`.

You need a way to copy the built ACRN images and other files between the

> development computer and target system. ACRN documentation, such as the Getting

Reviewer 2: Should we link again here to the GSG?

ACRN offers three types of VMs:

* **Pre-launched User VMs**: These VMs are automatically launched at boot time
  by the hypervisor. They run independently of other VMs and own dedicated
  hardware resources, such as a CPU core, memory, and I/O devices. Other VMs,
  including the Service VM, may not even be aware of a pre-launched VM’s
  existence. The configuration of pre-launched VMs is static and must be defined

>   at build time. They are well-suited for safety-critical applications.

Reviewer 2: Can we add a note along those lines: `and where very strict isolation, including from the Service VM is desirable`?

Your development computer requires certain dependencies to configure and build
ACRN:

* Ubuntu OS (ACRN development is not supported on Windows.)
* Build tools
* ACRN hypervisor source code
* If your scenario has a Service VM: ACRN kernel source code

> In the next step, :ref:`overview_dev_board_config`, you will need the Board

Reviewer: Maybe move this sentence into the first paragraph of the next step.

.. |icon_target| image:: ./images/icon_target.png
   :scale: 75%

The :ref:`board_inspector_tool` ``board_inspector.py`` enables you to generate a
board configuration file on the target system.

A **board configuration file** stores hardware-specific information extracted
from the target system. This XML file describes the capacity of hardware
resources (such as processors and memory), platform power states, available
devices, and BIOS settings. The file is used to configure and build the ACRN
hypervisor, because each hypervisor instance is specific to your target
hardware.

The following sections provide an overview and important information to keep
in mind when using the Board Inspector.

Configure BIOS Settings
=======================

You must configure all of your target's BIOS settings before running the Board
Inspector tool, because the tool records the current BIOS settings in the board
configuration file.

> ACRN requires the following BIOS settings:

Reviewer: There's also a third BIOS setting (disable secure boot).  I'm not sure you want to duplicate these settings from the GSG here anyway (means we'd need to keep two places up to date).

If your scenario has a Service VM, you also need to build the ACRN kernel for
the Service VM. The ACRN kernel source code provides a predefined configuration
file and a makefile to build the ACRN kernel binary and associated components.
The kernel build can take 15 minutes or less on a fast computer, but could take
an hour or more depending on the performance of your development computer. For

> more information about the kernel, see :ref:`kernel-parameters`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
more information about the kernel parameters, see :ref:`kernel-parameters`.
```

At a high level, you will:

* Copy the built ACRN hypervisor files, Service VM kernel files, and launch
  scripts from the development computer to the target. The Service VM kernel
  files replace parts of the Ubuntu installation we installed and used for

>   running the Board Inspector, with the Linux kernel we built based on the board

Reviewer 2: I think this is a bit misleading to the extent there is nothing in the Linux kernel we provide that is taken from either the board or scenario XML.

Reviewer: @gvancuts I thought we're making some tweaks to the linux kernel based on our configuration.  Is the make of the acrn-kernel not dependent on any of the scenario or hypervisor configuration options?

Author: @dbkinder Ok, I removed it in the latest commit.

  post-launched VM and run the launch script you created in
  :ref:`overview_dev_config_editor`.

Learn More
**********

* To get ACRN up and running for the first time, see the :ref:`gsg` for
  step-by-step instructions.

> * If you have already completed the Getting Started Guide, see the

Reviewer 2: Should we link to the GSG here?

  :ref:`develop_acrn` for more information about complex scenarios, advanced

>   features, and debugging

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  features, and debugging.
```
